##GPS 1.1 Reflection
1. A git concept that took me a bit longer to learn was learning how to branch and the benefits of using it. At first I wasn't able to create any branches or even display the master branch because I had not committed any changes to the repo. And once I figured out how to do that, I had trouble figuring out why my branches weren't merging and why it was saying that it was up to date. 
2. During the GPS I got a better understanding on the entire layout of how the GPS pairing session would work and the goal of each session. I was able to get a better understanding of how to use github much more effectively as well as getting a much more elaborate defintion to concepts. 
3. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to pair with another cohort member, but working with the guide I was able to ask questions from why I got certain errors, like why I get an error when I open Sublime, to getting a better clarification to certain concepts, such as understanding the difference between pull and fetch and how fetch requires a bit more to update, but allows the user to see if there is going to a conflict error before merging completely. 
4. I wouldn't say I'm as confused with Git as I was before, but I am still in the learning process where I just need to practice more and use it more and more to get a much deeper and better understanding. 
5. Even though I wasn't able to pair with someone else, being able to at least work with the guide allowed me to better help break down my though process to what I'm doing. 